fix: [M3-10351] - Align Encrypt Volume checkbox in Volume Create with other fields (#12592)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12592-fixed-1753738232161.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> Align Encrypt Volume checkbox in Volume Create with other fields ([#12592](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12592))

Reviewer: nit/suggestion (since more than Volume Create ended up being fixed)

```suggestion
Left alignment of Encryption checkbox in Linode Create, Linode Rebuild, and Volume Create forms ([#12592](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12592))
```
